To add word of caution (#1)
xying21/godwoken: docs/intro.md

---
import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl";

## Some Words of Caution
We would like to mention that the current version available is the Godwoken beta. We still maintain various levels of control over the mainnet. 

> **Why Godwoken Beta?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Why Mainnet Beta?**
```

We believe it is the responsible way to make Godwoken available while we keep up improving the system before the official release.
Here is what you can do with Godwoken beta:

| features | maintainer | developer |
| :------ | :-------: | :-------: |
| deploy contract | yes | trusted*  | 
| deploy ERC20 proxy contract  | yes | no |
| run full nodes  | yes | no |

> | run readonly nodes  | yes | no** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| run readonly nodes  | yes | yes** |
```

> | launch challenges  | no | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We already explain the decentralization in another seciton.

> *It is only accessible to the developers on the whitelist. As requested by Nervos, we will maintain a whitelist of developers during the mainnet beta phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* During the mainnet beta phase, the deploy contract feature is only open to developers on the allowed list. It is for emergencies, in case we need to upgrade the mainnet beta or coordinate with developers. However, developers or teams are welcome to participate in the mainnet beta.
```

Reviewer 2: 调整了下：During the mainnet beta phase, the deploy contract feature is only open to developers allowed on the list. We need to upgrade the mainnet beta or coordinate with developers in case of emergency. Developers or teams are welcome to participate in the mainnet beta anyways.

>  <br /> **But it is unable to query mem-pool status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <br /> **In the current version, a readonly node can not query mem-pool status.
```

Beta Godwoken is limited to the following design choices:
1. An optimistic rollup-based design will be used

> 2. A Proof-of-Authority mechanism controls layer 2 block issuance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A single sequencer sort transactions and issue blocks.
```

> Beware of Scams and Rugs: Nervos, like Ethereum, is permissionless. On both platforms, anybody can deploy any smart contract code they wish. Nervos users should only interact with the contracts which they can fully trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beware of Scams and Rugs: Nervos is a permissionless platform. Anybody may deploy an instant of Godwoken. Users and developers should only interact with the instant which they can trust.
```
